hi everyone so today I'm going to be
doing a when product review but this is
going to be an update to my first review
I have been using the wind shampoo since
January and I'm going to basically tell
you what I think of the product now that
I've been using it for about five months
and I also have some other products this
is the styling cream this is the
replenishing mist this is the tea tree
oil and the texture bomb and I ordered
all of these products from QVC if you go
on during the time so they have Easy Pay
they actually will split it up into
three payments and then they just charge
your card so for instance this right
here was like 1990 so if it was on easy
pay they would split the 1990 plus the
shipping handling up into three payments
and it was just charged a card that you
use every month on the same date and it
actually will show like one out of three
payments whenever you look at your
statement so that you know how many you
have left so I'm gonna start with the
shampoo so I've been using this since
January since I've been using it the
overall texture of my hair has improved
is easier to manage when it's wet it
doesn't break off whenever I comb
through it when it's wet and it's just
more manageable it makes it easier for
me to wash my hair but the cons would be
it actually does leave a residue in your
hair after you've been washing it with
it for a while
I know I've seen other product reviews
for the win and people have said that it
leaves a residue in your hair and it
looks very dull after you've been using
it for a few months and it's true I have
had this product leave residue in my
hair and I washed it really good because
it actually will recommend that you
score it a little bit out and then put
it back in your hair
after you're done washing it so I have
tried not doing that
I have tried doing that both ways at
least residue in my hair like it'll
leave like little sometimes like little
flakes or it'll just be dull or it'll
feel weighed down like when I flatiron
it it doesn't want a flat iron right
because it just smells heavy so there
was no way to get around that and I
would still recommend this product just
keep your other shampoo because you will
need to cleanse your hair after you've
been using this for a little while this
works very well in conjunction with an
additional shampoo that has a detergent
I actually just washed my hair two days
ago and I used my regular shampoo and
you see how it's very straight very
shiny like since I had the residue from
this in it it didn't feel like that but
it was still manageable because I've
been using this for a few months so it's
kind of changed away my hair behaves
when it's wet okay very quickly the tea
tree oil I've used this as directed
putting it in your hair and sleeping
with it overnight I've added it to the
shampoo and put it back in your hair as
conditioner I wouldn't recommend buying
this it's not worth the money I don't
see that it changes the way the hair
feels I don't see any additional
benefits from using it you can also use
it on your body as it's not like a
moisturizer but I haven't done that
because it has a really strong smell as
you can see it comes with this beaker
and you just squeeze it in here and
you're supposed to just put it on your
scalp and squeeze it into the hair it
has a really strong smell the tea tree
oil and once this bottle is empty I'm
not going to buy any more of it because
I don't see any any use for it next is
the styling cream same thing with a
styling cream I don't see any change in
the way my hair styles I actually did
not use it this time when I stopped my
hair and I want to buy this either I
wouldn't recommend it
you missed same thing with this I don't
see any benefits from using the
replenishing miss you know it pretty
much looks like scented water and it
just has a very faint smell everything
I'm showing you is the tea tree and the
only thing that I did like about this is
when I went to braid my hair I wet my
hair down with this and so it's a little
bit better than using water because it
has it has restore achill restorative
botanicals and extracts to give your
hair face and body an instant pick-me-up
I've never sprayed this on my face I've
never sprayed this on my body I've only
put it on my hair and I have not seen
that it does anything for my hair lastly
I have the wind texture balm this stuff
right here that you push it up like this
and then you're supposed to rub it on
your palm and then put it in your hair
it's supposed to add texture and
definition when you're curling or
straightening if you have short hair or
hair that's been cut at an angle and if
you have curly hair you know how when
you wash your hair and you scrunch it up
well this is supposed to be good for
that because instead of using like a
mousse that makes it crunchy you're
supposed to be able to put this on your
palm and then scrunch it up and it holds
the curls good thing about the texture
balm it's cheap and it's effective I
would buy this again sometimes I don't
feel like straightening my hair and so
with this texture balm I just get it and
I just scraped some out because I need
more than just this little bit that's on
my hand so whenever I don't feel like
straightening my hair and I want it to
air dry waving I just put this in it and
I always get the same results it always
works and then once I'm ready to comb
the waves drew it's not crunchy it
doesn't get frizzy so out of all these
products the only ones that I would
recommend buying again is the cleansing
conditioner by Wynn and this is the
sweet almond mint texture balm by when
these two I would recommend these other
ones I don't see any use in them and
I've been using them for quite a while
now
there's no benefit so there you have it
this is an updated product review on
when products thank you